Meeting Log for 11/7 meeting
* Discussed how to push branches 
* Made branches
* Went over updated index.js
* Planned updates to index.js, potential fixes with API
   * Difficulties arising from accessing recipes with our API
* Went over plans for future
* Discussed Home, Login, Grocery List pages need to be added.
